Three methods are implemented in this version SIGMAbox, these methods are : *Linear discriminant analysis (LDA) is a generalization of Fisher's linear discriminant a method used in statistics, pattern recognition and machine learning to find a linear combination of features that characterizes or separates two or more classes of objects or events. LDA attempt to express one dependent variable as a linear combination of other features or measurements, LDA analysis has a categorical dependent variable (i.e. the class label). Discriminant analysis is used when groups are known a priori (supervised learning). Matlab has an implementation of the LDA algorithm: the ‘fitcdiscr’ function. LDA in SIGMA box is based on this function. *Quadratique Discriminant analysis (QDA) is quadratic classifier used in machine learning and statistical classification to separate measurements of two or more classes of objects or events by a quadric surface. It is a more general version of the linear classifier. Quadratic discriminant analysis (QDA) is closely related to linear discriminant analysis (LDA). QDA creates a longer measurement vector from the old one by adding all pairwise products of individual measurements (cross terms ref ). Finding a quadratic classifier for the original measurements would then become the same as finding a linear classifier based on the 
expanded measurement vector. As for the LDA, QDA in SIGMA box is based on built in Matlab function. *Support Vector Machines (SVM), also known as support vector networks, is also a supervised learning models with robuste learning algorithms that analyze data used for classification. An SVM model is a representation of the examples as points in space, mapped so that the examples of the separate categories are divided by a clear gap that is as wide as possible. New examples are then mapped into that same space and predicted to belong to a category based on which side of the gap they fall. In addition to performing linear classification, SVMs can efficiently perform a non-linear classification using different kernel, implicitly mapping their inputs into high-dimensional feature spaces